Do not be afraid of competition.
An exciting opportunity lies ahead of you.
You love peace.
Get your mind set…confidence will lead you on.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
Sell your ideas-they have exceptional merit.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
You are kind and friendly.
You are wise beyond your years.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
A routine task will turn into an enchanting adventure.
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend.
Goodness is the only investment that never fails.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Forget injuries; never forget kindnesses.
Respect yourself and others will respect you.
A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
It is easier to stay out than to get out.
Sing everyday and chase the mean blues away.
You will receive money from an unexpected source.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Plan for many pleasures ahead.
Experience is the best teacher.
You will be happy with your spouse.
Expect the unexpected.
Stay healthy. Walk a mile.
The family that plays together stays together.
Eat chocolate to have a sweeter life.
Once you make a decision the universe conspires to make it happen.
Make yourself necessary to someone.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Dance as if no one is watching.
Live this day as if it were your last.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
Reach for joy and all else will follow.
Move in the direction of your dreams.
Bloom where you are planted.
Appreciate. Appreciate. Appreciate.
Happy News is on its way.
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
He who throws dirt is losing ground.
Borrow money from a pessimist. They don't expect it back.
Life is what happens to you while you are busy making other plans.
You’re off to great places, today is your day. Your mountain is waiting, so get on your way.
You always pass failure on the way to succes.
Winning doesn’t always mean being first. Winning means you’re doing better than you’ve done before.
You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
It always seems impossible until it is done.
When you can’t find the sunshine, be the sunshine!
Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
It makes a big difference in your life when you stay positive.
You are never too old to set another goal or dream a new dream.
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.
The struggle you’re in toad is developing the strength you need tomorrow.
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.
Make each day your masterpiece.
A truly happy person is one who can enjoy the scenery while on a detour.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results.
Don’t forget to tell yourself positive things daily! You must love yourself internally to glow externally.
The harder the battle, the sweeter the victory.
Never say never because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
You can’t put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.